📖 Document the `?optin=<channel>` feature (#27587)
ampproject/amphtml: contributing/release-schedule.md

- testing and playing with the version of the AMP runtime that will be released soon
- using in Quality Assurance (QA) to ensure that your site is compatible with the next version of AMP

> When you opt into the _Experimental_ or _Beta_ channel, you are only affecting the AMP JS libraries in your browser. Alternatively you can opt a page in to these pre-release channels by adding `?optin=experimental`/`?optin=beta` to the URL of the AMP runtime (e.g., `https://cdn.ampproject.org/v0.js?optin=beta`). However, note that **this makes your page invalid for the AMP validator** (e.g., preventing your pages from being included in AMP caches) and should **only be used for development purposes**. There is no valid-AMP way to force visitors to your site to use the _AMP Experimental/Beta Channel_ version of AMP.

Reviewer: The longer paragraph is hard to read in rendered HTML mode. Alternative suggested below (feel free to edit):

```suggestion
**Notes:**
- When you opt into the _Experimental_ or _Beta_ channel via the cookie mechanism, you are only affecting the AMP JS libraries in your browser.
- An alternative to using cookies to opt a page into these pre-release channels is adding `?optin=experimental`/`?optin=beta` to the URL of the AMP runtime (e.g., `https://cdn.ampproject.org/v0.js?optin=beta`).
    - URL-based opt-in should only be used for development purposes.
    - Doing so will cause the AMP validator to flag your page as invalid, and prevent it from being included in AMP caches.
    - There is no valid-AMP way to force visitors to your site to use the _AMP Experimental/Beta Channel_ version of AMP.
```
